{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-RegularItalic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 When you begin parsing the 
\f1\b Banks tab
\f0\b0 , the first step is always to open the IPO\'92s 
\f2\i Global Offering Document
\f0\i0  and go straight to the section titled 
\f2\i \'93Parties Involved in the Global Offering.\'94
\f0\i0  This is where the banks are listed with their roles \'97 Joint Sponsors, Coordinators, Bookrunners, Lead Managers, and so on.\
\
Once you\'92re in that section, the second step is to extract every bank and role exactly as they appear. For each entry, you\'92ll record the ticker, company, date, the bank\'92s name exactly as written, and the exact role label (even if it\'92s messy, like 
\f2\i \'93Overall Coordinator, Joint Global Coordinator\'94
\f0\i0 ). At this stage, don\'92t worry about whether the role is important or a duplicate. The goal here is just to capture the raw data faithfully.\
\
The third step comes after you\'92ve done the extraction. Here, you\'92ll standardize the messy role names using a 
\f1\b role dictionary
\f0\b0 . For example, all variants like 
\f2\i Lead Sponsor, Joint Sponsor, Sponsor & Adviser
\f0\i0  get bucketed into \'93Sponsor.\'94 Terms like 
\f2\i Overall Coordinator
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i Joint Global Coordinator
\f0\i0  fall into \'93Coordinator.\'94 Similarly, all bookrunner variations map to \'93Bookrunner,\'94 and everything else \'97 co-managers, miscellaneous labels \'97 goes under \'93Other.\'94 You\'92ll then add a new column called 
\f3 Role_Category
\f0  in your spreadsheet to store this standardized label alongside the raw role.\
\
The fourth step is how you deal with duplicates. Since the same bank can appear under multiple roles in a single IPO, you\'92ll impose a hierarchy: 
\f1\b Sponsor > Coordinator > Bookrunner > Other.
\f0\b0  You\'92ll also add a column called 
\f3 Lead_Flag
\f0 , where you mark 1 if the role is either Sponsor or Coordinator (because those are the true decision makers) and 0 otherwise. If a bank appears multiple times in one IPO, you keep all of its entries in the raw data for traceability. But when you summarize or analyze, you only count that bank once per IPO, using the highest role according to your hierarchy. For example, if CLSA appears both as a Joint Sponsor and as a Joint Bookrunner, you still record both rows in the raw data. But when you roll up the numbers or build a network, CLSA is counted as a Sponsor, since that\'92s the higher role.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0 \uc0\u11835 
\f4 \
\
Finally, add date so you can see what happened overtime }